docs: update  affix to data-table doc (#126)
TuSimple/naive-ui: src/collapse/demos/enUS/index.demo-entry.md

> 

Reviewer: 英文句号

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | accordion | `boolean` | `false` | Whether to set the accordion style |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| accordion | `boolean` | `false` | Whether to only allow on panel open. |
```

> | arrow-placement | `'left' \| 'right'` | `'left'` | Arrow position |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| arrow-placement | `'left' \| 'right'` | `'left'` | Arrow placement. |
```

| display-directive | `'if' \| 'show'` | `'if'` | The display directive to use when its inner `n-collapse-item` render content. `'if'` corresponds to `v-if` and `'show'` corresponds to `v-show`. |
| expanded-names | `string \| number \| Array<string \| number> \| null` | `undefined` | If set to `accrodion`, it will be a non-array value. |
| on-update:expanded-names | `(expandedNames: Array<string \| number> \| string \| number \| null) => void` | `undefined` | Callback function triggered when expanded-names changes |
| on-item-header-click | `(data: { name: string \| number, expanded: boolean, event: MouseEvent }) => void` | `undefined` | Callback function triggered when the title is clicked |

### Collapse Item Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| display-directive | `'if' \| 'show'` | `undefined` | The display directive to use when it is rendering its content. `'if'` corresponds to `v-if` and `'show'` corresponds to `v-show`. When it is set to `undefined` the value will follow its outer `n-collapse`. |

> | name | `string \| number` | random string | name value, useful when selected |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| name | `string \| number` | random string | Name value of the collapse item. |
```

> | name | `string \| number` | random string | Name value of the collapse item. |

Reviewer 2: You can omit "value" here

> | name | `string \| number` | random string | Name value of the collapse item. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| name | `string \| number` | random string | Name of the collapse item. |
```

> | title | `string` | `undefined` | title |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| title | `string` | `undefined` | Title. |
```

## Slots

### Collapse Slots

| Name | Parameters | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | default | `()` | Collapse default filled content |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| default | `()` | Collapse's content. |
```

> | arrow | `(options: { collapsed: boolean })` | Collapse custom icon |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| arrow | `(options: { collapsed: boolean })` | Collapse's icon. |
```

### Collapse Item Slots

| Name | Parameters | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | default | `()` | Collapse Item default filled content |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| default | `()` | Collapse item's content. |
```

> | header | `()` | The content filled in the header part of the Collapse Item |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| header | `()` | Header content of the collapse item. |
```

> | arrow | `(options: { collapsed: boolean })` | Collapse Item custom icon |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| arrow | `(options: { collapsed: boolean })` | Icon of the collapse item. |

> | default | `()` | Collapse item's content. |
> | header | `()` | Header content of the collapse item. |
> | arrow | `(options: { collapsed: boolean })` | Icon of the collapse item. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| default | `()` | Collapse item's content. |
| header | `()` | Collapse item's header. |
| arrow | `(options: { collapsed: boolean })` | Collapse item's icon. |
```
